Add Gateway API documentation (#43621)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/glossary/gateway.md

---
title: Gateway
id: gateway
date: 2023-10-19
full_link: /docs/concepts/services-networking/gateway/
short_description: >
  An API for modeling service networking in Kubernetes.

aka:
tags:
- networking
- architecture
- extension
---

>  An API for modeling service networking in Kubernetes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 A family of API kinds for modeling service networking in Kubernetes.
```
